Akin Omisakin
Personal Email: Akinom000007@gmail.com
Home address: 49 Caistor close, Manchester, England
Personal Number: 07484789556
Introduction
I’m a 3rd year computer science student looking for an opportunity to gain experience in the working IT field. My goal is to get the chance to learn from other successful software engineers. I’m seeking opportunities available to further my knowledge and enjoyment of the IT field. I’m an independent, meticulous worker that strives to meet all requirements tasked to me. Work well in teams each year and consistently meet deadlines with high quality standards.
Education
University of Aberdeen BSc (Hons) Computing Science 2021 – Expected 2025
Degree include | Operating systems | Software Engineering | Software Programming | Artificial intelligence | Database design and management | Algorithms and Data Structures | Web development.
Skills
Programming Skills: Experienced programming in Python, Java, MYSQL, Html, JavaScript, CSS, C; through the courses I have studied and further learning.
Software development, architecture, and engineering: Through my course projects I have obtained valuable individual and team-based development skills. Following aspects of Agile software development, such as gathering requirements, modelling system architecture, evaluating the model, implementation, and testing. In my Software Engineering course, I was tasked to collaborate as a team with other random classmates to produce software according to the assigned client requirements.
General IT skills: Experienced user when it comes to Microsoft office applications and others (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, GitHub, VSCode).
Further SkillS
Teamwork: Have worked on several group projects so far during my time at university. Organising my time has essentially led to great communication with group members to create implementation related projects  as well as detailed PowerPoints and Posters. In a team I have achieved these results by working together in person and online to complete tasks and document reports on our progression and as a group. This is showing my ability to work well with others previously never met and able to succeed.
Problem Solving : I value my problem-solving skills  in completing algorithmic challenges I encounter during academic assignments and collaborative projects. I can design, implement, and optimise algorithms to address specific problems. In addition, quickly learn and apply concepts to overcome these challenges. For example, in my Artificial intelligence class I was required to build an automated planner API which used an A* star search algorithm to the shortest plan from an initial state to the achievable goal.
 Interests
* Gaming: I love games, especially games that are fun and engaging team-based games like Valorant. It really helps to bond with people that play or like the same games and genre, as you do because we can relate to each other.